If you do not Consider yourself a "Master Agreement
Practitioner," perhaps your job is represented by NAGE.
If so, then you are considered a "Bargaining Unit Employee" and
you will also benefit from taking the VA-NAGE Master Agreement Curriculum.
For the Purposes of this training,
when the term "Employee" is used,
it will be referring to a Bargaining Unit Employee.
With the knowledge gained by completing the VA-NAGE Master
Agreement Curriculum, you will better understand your rights
and responsibilities according to the Master Agreement and know
when you might wish to reach out to a Master Agreement
Practitioner for guidance.